						Decide Apparatus and Interface						

Contents
--------
1. Introduction
2. Included Files
3. Installation
4. Starting the Server
5. Accessing the Web Interface
6. Running Experiments

Introduction
------------

This is a package of scripts for managing and montitoring experiments using
a Beaglebone Black and the Starboard cape. It includes scripts for running
experiments, an interface through which to monitor and interact with the 
apparatus, and a node.js server that interfaces with Starboard and handles
all interaction between the board and the other scripts. 

Together, the packages essentially create an abstract state machine, managed
by the node.js server, that may be represented or manipulated by a variety 
of clients (e.g. the experiment scripts and web interface).

Included Files
--------------

~ apparatus.js: Sets up server and manages interaction between 
Beaglebone and clients

~ interface-prototype.html: Webpage through which the user interacts with the 
	Beaglebone

~ shapeclient.js: Conditions birds to peck the center key when they want food

~ gngclient.js: Conditions birds to either peck or do nothing upon hearing a
	stimulus

~ alsa.js: Plays WAV soud files using aplay

~ bonescript-lite.js: JS package for beaglebone I/O. Uses Linux led drivers
	to be quicker and more efficient than normal bonescript.

~ README: This file. Provides instructions on installation and use. 

Installation
------------

1. Place all included files into the same folder on a Beaglebone.

2. Install the dependices. Inside the folder containing these files:

		npm install -g socket.io suncalc winston serve-favicon

Starting the Server
-------------------

Apparatus.js is the core of this package. A server must be running for the
experiment scrips and web interface to work. 

To start the server from the terminal:

		node apparatus.js

Apparatus accepts take 3 commandline arguments: the Starboard version number
(-v, default: "00A0"); the name of the apparatus log file (-l, default: 
"apparatus.log), and the port through which to access the interface (-p, 
default: "8000").

Accessing the Web Interface
---------------------------

Apparatus will log when the server has started and provide an IP address and 
port through which to access the interface. To access the interface, navigate 
to the given address with a web browser.

Information on how to use the interface may be found in the INTERFACE file.

Running Experiments
-------------------

To run an experiment (an operant conditioning paradigm), follow the same 
procedure as starting the server. For example, to run shape:

	node shapeclient.js

These scripts also take command line arguments. See EXPERIMENTS for more
details and information on the included paradigms.